You will be amazed to see how easy Spring Data REST
makes it to expose microservices.
Spring Data REST builds on top of Spring Data repositories and
automatically exports them as REST resources,
also known as endpoints, so this is something to really get excited about.
Before Spring Data REST came along,
writing REST web services for a multi-domain object system was
tedious and resulted in a lot of boilerplate code,
and the use of annotations like RestController and RequestMapping in
order to create APIs for simple CRUD operations.
I'm sure you are familiar with these, but now they are no longer necessary.
I will explain how Spring Data REST works, the modifications needed to the pom.
xml Maven file to support Spring Data REST,
how to discover resources, customizing resources, and we will even test our microservices using Postman.